Define and activate release v12.3.2 for KVM (#504)
giantswarm/releases: kvm/v12.3.2/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v12.3.2 for KVM :zap:

**Nodes will be rolled during upgrade to this version.**

> This patch release prevents an issue with QPS limits introduced by DockerHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch release adds registry credentials to prevent an issue with image pulling rate limits recently introduced by Docker Hub.
```

**Note before upgrade:**

> Please contact your Solution Engineer before upgrading. The upgrade is automated. However, it includes a data migration from Helm 2 release configmaps to Helm 3 release secrets, there are some pre-upgrade checks and we recommend monitoring the upgrade to ensure safety.

Reviewer: Is this still relevant?

Author: I assumed it was related to customers upgrading from KVM `v12.x.x`. I can drop this section and the note to SREs if you think this is irrelevant.

Reviewer: Makes sense. I don't mind keeping it.
